In this lecture, we are going to optimize WordPress by using Ingenix Directive's and WP super cache.
We are going to edit the engine X.com in a file.
We are also going to create two new configuration files optimizations dot seo in F, which will store
our Engine X directive's and WP super cache, which will store the directive's to enable WGP super cache
to work correctly with Ingenix.
Before we continue, I need to speak about images.
Please optimize your images before you upload them to your sites.
You will receive a much lower page speed score if you use HTML and Cyesis to scale your images.
We're going to start the optimization process by using Engine X directive's to instruct a visitor's
browser to cache sites assets for a certain period of time.
We are then going to ensure that proxy servers can store both the compressed and uncompressed versions
of our site.
We also need to ensure that we set a minimum file size to compress.
Compressing a file that's already small can lead to a file being larger.
I'd like you to change to the BTC Engine X directly from the Engine X directory.
We can change to the global subdirectory inside the global directory.
We want to create a file called optimisations dot com and if you do not know optimizations dot seo and
if inside the optimisations dot seo NFL you can paste the directives which I have included in a PDF
file attached to this lecture.
There are two location directives.
The first one specifies that any file ending in the following extensions will be cached for the maximum
allowed period by the visitors browser.
The second location directive specifies that any file ending in J is or success will be cached for thirty
days.
You can exit NENO saving your changes, you can go back one level and we want to change to the sites
available directory.
You can open your sites configuration file using Nannar.
You can scroll down to underneath include global headers and add include global slash optimization stot
SEO and F semicolon.
You can exit saving your changes.
We can test the Ingenix configuration.
The syntax of our files is okay.
You can reload Engine X to enable the change.
We can go back one level to the engine X directory.
We need to open the main engine X configuration file engine X dot SEO and if you can scroll down to
the GS directives underneath GS on, you can press, enter and add.
Guiseppe underscore and underscore lence and the minimum will be 256 bytes.
That will be the minimum file size.
A file smaller than that will not be compressed by GS.
You can press enter tab again, underscore vary and that is on semicolon.
So we've specified the minimum file size that will be compressed and by turning GS obviously on, we
specify that proxy servers can store both the compressed and uncompressed versions of our site.
You can exit saving your changes in G.T..
We need to test our configuration, which is fine.
In G.R., we need to reload Ingenix.